Added "clone" action to docs (#1292)
cursorless-dev/cursorless: docs/user/README.md

  `change blue air`
  Deletes the token containing letter 'a' with a blue hat then places your cursor where the token had been.

> ### Clone
> 
> This command will insert a copy of the function you are in.
> 
> - `"clone <TARGET>"` <br>
> 
>   eg:
>   `clone funk`
>   Will insert the copy of funk
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### `"clone"` / `"clone up"`

These commands insert a copy of the target either before or after the target itself, leaving your cursor(s) in the newly created clone.

- `"clone <TARGET>"`
- `"clone up <TARGET>"`

For example:

- `"clone funk"` inserts a copy of the function containing your cursor just below the function
- `"clone up funk"` inserts a copy of the function containing your cursor just above the function
- `"clone state air"` inserts a copy of the statement containing `a` with a gray hat below the given statement itself

```
